are you sure about integrity and precision of this plan? we dont have bookstore mall now? cant we use it for coursebook sales? i think only we need a feature for accountant to insert new invoices and inventory of books.  i dont want follow-up calls to be moved anywhere. in trial booking( its length -30 mins, 45 mins or any other lengths and  also fee must be manageable globally by supervisor and admin) not enrolled student should see all teachers who are active with their reviews and ranks and a video of the teacher introducing themselves (uploaded by teacher through his dashboard  and then select the teacher and suggest 2 dates and times he is available then choose in person or online mode  then submit and wait for supervisor approval. this trial session must be available if the student plans for one on one course not group classes.when supervisor wants to approve, he should have access to schedule of that teacher to see if he is free or not and if not the supervisor should be able to offer a new date and time due to busyness of the teacher. students should be notified about this change through sms/notification/email and when he accepts the time the supervisor's approval is done. if the class wants to be online link of class should be automatically created and reminders should be sent to both teacher and student. after finishing the session both student and teacher rank each other and call center sees the follow up task and starts the follow up process. one more important point: previously i asked you to design an advanced website builder with elementor-level page maker. it was not what i wanted the last time i checked. i need the website builder to create a website and introduce metalingua features and a blog which draws organic users to our website for furthe conversion. the website builder should act as the frontend of the whole app and if students are interested, then link them to login page.  so after building the website it must be easily possible to become online and available with no technical info. create the main home page or index file to bei want you to again read the whole code line by line with the architect help and rewrite the plan about role-based future allocation and implementation  and phases. dont forget about the unseen or invisible features already built in backend. then prepare a list of the features which are present but unseen.